Macro: "Arrangement - Tech House Extended Mix"
Description: "Cue Markers for a Tech House extended mix."
Author: "Centomila"
Bpm (130)
Time Signature ("4/4")

DeleteAllCueMarkers

// 1 - DJ-friendly intro
jump_to_beginning_of_arranger_window
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (1, "DJ Intro - Minimal Loop")

// 2 - First percussion elements
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (2, "Intro - Percussion & FX")

// 3 - Bass elements begin
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (3, "Intro - Bass Elements")

// 4 - Kick drum enters
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (4, "Main Elements - Kick Added")

// 5 - Hi-hats and rhythm development
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (5, "Main Elements - Hi-Hats & Rhythm")

// 6 - Full groove established
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (6, "Main Elements - Full Groove")

// 7 - First vocal/sample elements
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (7, "Main Section 1 - Vocal Samples Added")

// 8 - First main section evolves
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (8, "Main Section 1 - Full Energy")

// 9 - First breakdown (house influenced)
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (9, "First Breakdown - House Elements")

// 10 - First tension build
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (10, "Build-Up 1 - Rising Tension")

// 11 - First drop with rolling bassline
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (11, "Drop 1 - Rolling Bass")

// 12 - Main groove continues with variations
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (12, "Main Section 2 - Groove Variations")

// 13 - Additional vocal/sample elements
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (13, "Main Section 2 - Added Hooks")

// 14 - Main breakdown with filter sweeps
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (14, "Main Breakdown - Filter Sweeps")

// 15 - Main build-up section
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (15, "Main Build-Up - Rising Elements")

// 16 - Peak energy section with full mix
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (16, "Main Drop - Full Energy")

// 17 - Peak section with tech elements
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (17, "Main Drop - Tech Focus")

// 18 - Sustained groove with house elements
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (18, "Main Drop - House Elements")

// 19 - Beginning of outro section
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (19, "Outro - Element Reduction")

// 20 - DJ-friendly outro section
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (20, "DJ Outro - Rhythm & Bass")

// 21 - Final percussion elements
jump_forward_8_bars
Wait (100)
insert_arranger_cue_marker_at_play_position
CueMarkerName (21, "Track End - Final Elements")

Message ("Tech House Extended Mix Arrangement Complete")